Add changelog entry for event CEL search (#1207)
inngest/website: content/changelog/2025-07-23-event-search.mdx

export const title = "Advanced Event Search";
export const date = "2025-07-23";

Advanced event filters are now available using a CEL expression. Access the new search functionality by clicking the "Show search" button on the Events page.

![](/assets/changelog/2025-07-23-event-search.png)

> Learn more about how to use this feature and view the list of searchable properties in our [docs](https://www.inngest.com/docs/platform/monitor/inspecting-events#searching-events)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about how to use this feature and view the list of searchable properties in our [docs](/docs/platform/monitor/inspecting-events#searching-events?ref=changelog)
```
